/* git init -> git add . -> git commit -m "comments" -> git branch -M main 
-> git remote add origin {url} -> */
/* Footer */

object-fit: cover; --> This will tell the image to fill the img container it is in while maintaining asect ratio, resulting in cropping to fit. With object-fit you can 
determine how images should behave in a contrainer and address their varying aspect ratio's individually. 

The gap CSS shorthand property sets the gaps, also known as gutters, between rows and columns. The gap property and its row-gap and column-gap sub-properties provide this functionality for flex, grid, and multi-column layout. You apply the property to the container element.

Browsers can apply default margin and padding values to specific elements. To make sure your piano looks correct, you need to reset the box model.

Add an html rule selector to your CSS file, and set the box-sizing property to border-box: html {
  box-sizing: border-box;
}
--------
1. it is my passion and i studied it in college
2. It is important because computer science and computer programming is my passion. It pays good but also I would do this job if I didn't get paid at all and I could work for free aka open source projects. 
3. i need to make money 
4. if i work something i like it will be like not working at all 
5. i want to use my time doing stuff i like 
6. i think it is my calling in life from God to program computers
7. in conclusion I like to study computer science, I know with practice I can get 
better at it and the world and industry is changing so it is only natural that I adapt to the modern world and use what God gave me thus I want a career in technology given changin trends. 
--------

who i am , what i do and why i do it. brief decription of why i am great and what i am about 

I am currently a studnet at perscholas. Prior to this I use to work in IT, did sales in finance and technoloy and attended Rutgers for computer sciecne and econonmics. I have prior experience coding at a start up company dealing with python. My favorite technology to work with is javascript due to its importance in the online universe. I want to get a job working with javas script, python and utilizing my knowledge of sql and other databases to become a full stack engineer. I am also interested in implementing data stuctured and algorithms to better round my skill set. 
